[github] Add pull request changes section to pull request template (#415)
alibaba/fluss: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
*Thank you very much for contributing to Fluss - we are happy that you want to help us improve Fluss. To help the community review your contribution in the best possible way, please go through the checklist below, which will get the contribution into a shape in which it can be best reviewed.*

## Contribution Checklist

> 

Reviewer: ```
  - Make sure that the pull request corresponds to a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/alibaba/fluss/issues). Exceptions are made for typos in JavaDoc or documentation files, which need no issue.
```

>   - Name the pull request in the format "[component] Title of the pull request", where *[component]* should be replaced by the actual issue number, e.g. [kv], [log], [client], [flink] ... Skip *[component]* if you are unsure about which is the best component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Name the pull request in the format "[component] Title of the pull request", where *[component]* should be replaced by the name of the component being changed. Typically, this corresponds to the component label assigned to the issue (e.g., [kv], [log], [client], [flink]). Skip *[component]* if you are unsure about which is the best component.
```

<!-- What is the purpose of the change -->

> ### Changes in this pull request
> 
> <!-- Please clarify what changes in this pull request. The purpose of this section is to outline the changes and how this pull request fixes the issue -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Brief change log

<!-- Please describe the changes made in this pull request and explain how they address the issue -->

```
